UCL MotionInput v3.2 Pseudo-VR Action Gaming

This application simulates control of the mouse and keyboard, using your hands and body to complete gestures.
Each profile can be customised and saved, with the option to reset to back to the profile's defaults if needed.

Poses
---
Poses refer to shapes that can be made using the hand. Once recorded, these can be detected from any hand.
This offers a way to click or hold keys by using the hand. 
Some default poses that come included are:
- Index Pinch
- Fist
- Peace

Gestures
---
Gestures refer to movements made by the body. Once recorded, they can be detected by any person of any size.
These offer a way to trigger actions in games through key bindings, allowing users to mimic game movements.
Some default gestures that come included are:
- Kick
- Punch
- Hadouken

Sitting/Standing Modes
---
Sitting profiles are optimised for hand poses and dual joystick control, emulating a game controller.
Standing profiles enable "walking-on-the-spot" to allow movement in-game. This is bound to the "w" key.
You can optionally adjust the sensitivity of walking detection and calibrate the walking to your own body.

Mouse Modes
---
There are three mouse modes you can choose from:

1. Default - this provides a box within which the position of your hand maps to the mouse on-screen.
2. Joystick - like a game joystick, the hand movement controls the mouse relative to a fixed centre point.
3. None - disables hand mouse control. Good for pure-gesture games.

Speech Hotkeys
---
Map speech phrases to keyboard keys. The specified keys will be clicked once when the corresponding phrase is spoken.

Gesture/Pose Hotkeys
---
Map gestures/poses to keyboard keys.
For gestures, the keys are clicked once when a gesture is detected.
For poses, the keys are held down for as long as the pose is detected.

Default Desktop Mode
---
- Raising your right hand, you will be able to do the following:
>Index Pinch (Index Finger and Thumb)- Left Mouse Press (or just say "hold left" and then "release left" when desired)
>Middle Pinch (Middle Finger and Thumb) - Right Mouse Press (or just say "hold right" and then "release right" when desired)
>Make a fist with your hand - Double Mouse Click (or just say "double click")
>Press the index and middle finger against each other (side by side) and then tilt hand upwards/downwards to scroll up/down accordingly
>Pinky Pinch (Pinky Little Finger and Thumb) - Monitor Switch - perform this gesture once to switch to the next screen/monitor (if connected).
Repeatedly perform this gesture to cycle through multiple monitors.
